In this approximately 2 hour session, I worked on making an approximate phone case design. For the most part, the phone case design looks like it will work fine (But likely will need many tweaks and extra functions). I used tinkercad to make the 3d model. One thing I noticed pretty late into this was that phone cases have tiny ridges to keep the phone in place, meaning I'd have to incorporate that. Additionally, about 1/2 way through the project, I realized my measurements were in centimeters, while the actual cadding software was using millimeters! Although this was a quick switch, it did mess up some of my other parts. My biggest though during the cadding of the phone case was, How will I make the phone case have thickness? What about the curved corners? These thoughts were what I answered 1st before the building (on tinkercad). For the phone case having thickness, I made an iPhone 13 on tinkercad, and made another one slightly bigger, and cut the smaller one out of the bigger one using the hole function, and then group. For the curves, I used a cylinder to cut out of a square, which made a curved triangle (hypotenuse was curved) and then made the shape a hole. Then, I made that shape a hole, and cut it out from the rectangular iPhone. Although it may not be accurate, I will see how it would fit on the iPhone and improvise on that. Lastly, I feel proud of this work session because I felt like I worked better at cadding after this, learned more about how the 3d printer machine works, and I experimented with iPhone cameras and saw how big the camera hole must be in order for the camera not to be blocked!

I think that this step/session was the most crucial, as I had to think HOW to build it (30 minutes) and then I began to brainstorm possible designs (10 minutes) and the rest of the time went to 3d modeling the phone case (and making sure it not only looked right, but would 'fit' right.)

To sum up, this was the bones of the project: We can build on from here easily! 
